Generate an embedded token for user (#300)
descope/go-sdk: README.md

// Note 1: The generate code/link methods, work only for test users, will not work for regular users.
// Note 2: In case of testing sign-in / sign-up methods with test users, need to make sure to generate the code prior calling the sign-in / sign-up methods (such as: descopeClient.Auth.MagicLink().SignUpOrIn)

> // Embedded link can be created via the following call,
> // The return value is a token that can be verified via magic link, or using flows

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Embedded links can be created to directly receive a verifiable token without sending it.
// This token that can be verified using the magic link 'verify' function, either directly or through a flow.
```

Author: done

> // This token that can be verified using the magic link 'verify' function, either directly or through a flow.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
// This token can then be verified using the magic link 'verify' function, either directly or through a flow.
```

Author: Done
